=head1 NAME

WWW::Ideone - send a program to ideone.com (ABANDONED)

=head1 SYNOPSIS

    my $obj = WWW::Ideone->new ();
    $obj->user_pass ('username', 'password');
    # Get a list of languages
    my %languages = $obj->get_languages ();
    # Send your source code to Ideone.com
    my $xml = $obj->send (command => 'createSubmission',
                          fields => {
                              sourceCode => 'print "hello world!\n"',
                              language => 3,
                              run => 'true',
                          });

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This module is an interface to the Ideone online service. This module
is no longer under development by the original author and is an
adoption candidate on CPAN.

=head1 METHODS

=head2 new

Make a new object.

=head2 user_pass

Set your user name and password. (You need an API password, which is
not the same thing as an ideone.com password. See
L<http://ideone.com/api>.)

=head2 send

Send a command to ideone.com.

=head2 get_languages

Get a list of languages in a hash.

=head1 DEPENDENCIES

WWW::Ideone uses the following modules for the following purposes

=over

=item L<Template> 

to create the messages to send to ideone.com

=item L<LWP::UserAgent> 

to send web requests to ideone.com. 

=item L<Carp>

to report errors to the module user.

=item L<IO::Uncompress::Gunzip>

to uncompress the reply from ideone.com.

=back

=head1 EXPORTS

WWW::Ideone exports nothing.

=head1 GLOBAL VARIABLES

WWW::Ideone has the following global variables:

=over

=item C<$soap_version>

This is the version of the SOAP protocol you need to send to ideone.com.

=item C<$ideone_api_url>

This is the URL of the ideone.com API.

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Ben Bullock, <bkb@cpan.org>

=head1 COPYRIGHT & LICENCE

This package and associated files are copyright (C) 2012-2014 Ben
Bullock.

You can use, copy, modify and redistribute this package and associated
files under the Perl Artistic Licence or the GNU General Public
Licence.




